# finalproject
Faucets and Fountain is a webpage used to help users access amenities around Yale's campus.

To use the website, download the finalproject.zip. Next, execute "unzip finalproject.zip" to open the zip file. Next, remove the zip folder with "rm finance.zip" and you should have the files. You should see app.py, which is our main back-end code. You should see a folder called static, which has our css styles page and all of our website's images. You should see a folder called templates, which should have the html for all of our webpages. You should see a folder called archive, which is unnecessary for the website, and is kept in the project in case we ever decide to return to prior iterations of our code. To load the website, make sure you're in the finalproject directory, and execute 'flask run'. 

Once you run the website, you will be taken to our interative map page, where you can click on an area to access that areas. Once you've accessed a specific area on campus, the buildings in that area will be displayed in click-able tiles. You can click to access a specific building within that area. The building will be displayed in a parallax scrolling display, and you can click buttons to see the building's amenities: vending machines, restrooms, or fountains. Once you've selected an amenity type, you will be shown a list of the amenities in the building of that type. This page will show data from our database about each amenity, such as the average rating and gender, type(food or drink), or if it has a bottle refiller. If there are no amenities in our database at the time that match the type and building you've selected, you will be shown a "Coming Soon" message, with navigation buttons, and a button leading to a page where you can submit new amenities that you're aware of.

On all pages, you will be able to navigate to the home (map) page and to the search page. With our filtered search row on the search page, you can input certain data (type, floor, gender if bathroom, building, room name, type of contents if vending machine, fountain refiller or not if fountain, and average rating in its reviews.) about an amenity to filter the search list. On the search page, all amenities will be listed and you will be able to navigate to each amenity's individual amenity page. On the amenity page, all of the database information we have for the amenity will be listed, and all of the existing reviews for this amenity will be displayed. The amenity page will have a navigation link to review an amenity, where you will have to select what amenity you are reviewing, then you can input your review and a rating out of 5. 

To submit an amenity or to leave a review, you must be logged in. If you are not logged in when you navigate to the submit or review pages, you will be redirected to the register page. When registering, you cannot use a username that is already taken, and your password must match the confirmation when you register. If your password and username do not match our criteria, an apology webpage (à la finance) will be returned with an image of a toilet and text explaining your issue. Once you are registered, you will be directed back to the home (map) page. You must re-navigate to the submit or review pages to submit a new amenity or write a review. 

Our information is all self observed and verified. In the implementation of this project, we plan to act as admin and verify all amenities that users upload, and to manually delete duplicates. 

PROCESS REFLECTION:
We struggled to get our website started, so we took all of CS50's finance website, then started changing it into our website. Small css changes in our website logo were made, but we kept the style of the nav-bar and most buttons from CS50. We also used ideas from W3 schools and many other websites (cited in our code) to get buttons of different style, tiles of different styles, etc. We struggled to create a lot of our functions (especially search, which took hours of thinking, writing, and debugging). It was also hard to get a fully functioning website because we originally developed building.html as a page only for Kroon Hall. It was difficult to universalize that page.
